docs/resources/wireless_profile.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_wireless_profile Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "Wireless"
description: |-
  This resource creates a wireless network profile. To associate a wireless network profile with a site, use the catalystcenter_associate_site_to_network_profile resource.
---

# catalystcenter_wireless_profile (Resource)

This resource creates a wireless network profile. To associate a wireless network profile with a site, use the `catalystcenter_associate_site_to_network_profile` resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_wireless_profile" "example" {
  wireless_profile_name = "Wireless_Profile_1"
  ssid_details = [
    {
      ssid_name           = "mySSID1"
      enable_fabric       = false
      enable_flex_connect = false
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `wireless_profile_name` (String) Wireless Network Profile Name

### Optional

- `ssid_details` (Attributes Set) SSID Details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssid_details))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--ssid_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssid_details`

Required:

- `ssid_name` (String) SSID Name

Optional:

- `dot11be_profile_id` (String) 802.11be Profile Id. Applicable to IOS controllers with version 17.15 and higher. 802.11be Profiles if passed, should be same across all SSIDs in network profile being configured
- `enable_fabric` (Boolean) True if fabric is enabled, else False. Flex and fabric cannot be enabled simultaneously and a profile can only contain either flex SSIDs or fabric SSIDs and not both at the same time
- `enable_flex_connect` (Boolean) True if flex connect is enabled, else False. Flex and fabric cannot be enabled simultaneously and a profile can only contain either flex SSIDs or fabric SSIDs and not both at the same time
- `interface_name` (String) Interface Name
- `local_to_vlan` (Number) Local To Vlan Id
- `wlan_profile_name` (String) WLAN Profile Name

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_wireless_profile.example "<wireless_profile_name>"
```

Commit message:

add ap zones and additional interface to wireless profile

docs/resources/wireless_profile.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_wireless_profile Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "Wireless"
description: |-
  This resource creates a wireless network profile. To associate a wireless network profile with a site, use the catalystcenter_associate_site_to_network_profile resource.
---

# catalystcenter_wireless_profile (Resource)

This resource creates a wireless network profile. To associate a wireless network profile with a site, use the `catalystcenter_associate_site_to_network_profile` resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_wireless_profile" "example" {
  wireless_profile_name = "Wireless_Profile_1"
  ssid_details = [
    {
      ssid_name           = "mySSID1"
      enable_fabric       = false
      enable_flex_connect = false
    }
  ]
  ap_zones = [
    {
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `wireless_profile_name` (String) Wireless Network Profile Name

### Optional

- `additional_interfaces` (Set of String) These additional interfaces will be configured on the device as independent interfaces in addition to the interfaces mapped to SSIDs. Max Limit 4094
- `ap_zones` (Attributes Set) AP Zones (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ap_zones))
- `ssid_details` (Attributes Set) SSID Details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssid_details))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--ap_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ap_zones`

Optional:

- `ap_zone_name` (String) AP Zone Name
- `rf_profile_name` (String) AP Zone Name
- `ssids` (Set of String) ssids part of apZone


<a id="nestedatt--ssid_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssid_details`

Required:

- `ssid_name` (String) SSID Name

Optional:

- `dot11be_profile_id` (String) 802.11be Profile Id. Applicable to IOS controllers with version 17.15 and higher. 802.11be Profiles if passed, should be same across all SSIDs in network profile being configured
- `enable_fabric` (Boolean) True if fabric is enabled, else False. Flex and fabric cannot be enabled simultaneously and a profile can only contain either flex SSIDs or fabric SSIDs and not both at the same time
- `enable_flex_connect` (Boolean) True if flex connect is enabled, else False. Flex and fabric cannot be enabled simultaneously and a profile can only contain either flex SSIDs or fabric SSIDs and not both at the same time
- `interface_name` (String) Interface Name
- `local_to_vlan` (Number) Local To Vlan Id
- `wlan_profile_name` (String) WLAN Profile Name

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_wireless_profile.example "<wireless_profile_name>"
```
